[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114273)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-supported-profiles.adoc

[id="compliance-supported-profiles_{context}"]
= Compliance profiles

[role="_abstract"]

> The Compliance Operator provides profiles to meet industry standard benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with the Compliance Operator (CO), you can use the profiles provided by the Operator to meet industry standard benchmarks.
```
